what we're going to talk about today is
how to get eight times more stuff 8 10
15 times more results with roughly oneth
of the absolute level of effort as
everybody else why is this important so
you can make significantly more money
significantly faster my name is Daniel
faio I'm the co-founder of client
Ascension and list kit we do about
$500,000 per month in Revenue right now
that's who I am and just recently over
the past maybe two months or so the rate
with which we're growing is accelerated
so may this month we might do around
like $600,000 per month in total revenue
across everything
and obviously this is happening for a
reason like that doesn't just happen out
of nowhere like you can't like you don't
have a company you're not just selling
something and it just like randomly goes
up the idea that you like go viral and
just like grow out of control for no
reason isn't real that doesn't that's
that doesn't occur if you're growing
it's because you're doing something like
you're you're making something happen so
something to knowe and that you really
have to understand is that most
businesses on the planet are absolute
dog [__] and they make no money at all
and they don't grow so when you see
somebody's business is growing and it it
is expanding you need to you need to
take note of what exactly is happening
here because it's a very intricate
system that is occurring like something
is happening that you need to take note
of and what I'm doing here today is try
to give you the the the the simplest
explanation as to why that is occurring
to me right now so the first is that
I'll tell you exactly what I changed
about two months ago that is eliciting
this response in the business right
that's making it grow so so before for a
really long time I was very erratic
about what I would do like if I would
make a YouTube video when I felt like it
or I would like I would tweet when I
felt like it or I would make new ad
creatives and write new ads and new vsls
and Test new vsls when I felt like it I
just did things when I felt like it and
if you and if you're Psychopathic enough
in your Tendencies and like you like
you'll exert Force enough like you you
give enough of a [__] you can get to
like 300 $400,000 per month over a long
enough time Horizon with like with no
really like you just do whatever the
[__] you want whenever you feel like it
so that's what happened to me but then I
was like let me let me not do that let
me grow the [__] up and actually do
something cons like a schedule like I I
have to do this at this time so what I
started doing was I have a bare minimum
now of for Twitter which I tweet 40
times a week bare minimum I send three
emails to my email list per week bare
minimum I do one YouTube video per week
bare minimum we launched 10 new unique
ad creatives per week bare minimum right
I I I'm I'm I'm normally doing about one
to two new vssl tests for for any of the
funnels per month bare minimum and now
I'm using a very particular word here
bare minimum you're not allowed to go
below that so now the problem with this
is that a lot of people they just do
[__] when they feel like it however
doing [__] when you feel like it is not
enough to actually make something grow
right so if you're cool with your
Revenue staying where it is right now
cool just do [__] when you feel like it
but the most profound impact I found on
getting in actually growing this thing
is by being consistent and actually just
doing the thing now the problem with
this is a lot of people they'll start to
like they'll they'll they'll have a bare
minimum on something but it's it it's to
the wrong thing or it's too much and
they can't handle it because they're not
they're not skilled enough or
experienced enough to handle multiple
things so so I can run content Marketing
in ads at the the same time I can do
that I've just been in this game long
enough to be able to mentally handle
that level of
responsibility me personally I can do
that of like A6 million plus dollar per
year company right so so what you need
understand is that you need to stop
stacking
responsibilities if you have not
maximally become proficient at one of
your current responsibilities so what do
I mean by this there's three ways that
you can be acquiring clients at any
given time and there's only these three
there's content marketing there's ads
and there's cold Outreach now what I'm
just going to use cod Outreach as the
example I'll use cold email specifically
because that's the cheapest way to get
started the most direct way to get
started it's really how you should get
your first like 10K a month it's cold
email so the problem with this is let's
say someone send in cold emails with
like 20 domains so I I I don't know 20
20 * 30 maybe they're doing like 600
cold emails a day and then they're like
yeah bro it's time to scale and they go
and they get like 200 domains or 200
inboxes so they start they go to like
6,000 emails per day now the problem
with this is that when they were at 20
Cold emails per day they weren't like so
you get a response to a cold email if
you get a response to a cold email you
need to call this person like that's a
lead you need to call them
immediately and if and you need to
respond to their email immediately right
you need you need to be on top of this
[__] because if you let that lead go
past five minutes the the rate with
which they actually end up booking goes
down so it's like if you just get in
contact with them within five minutes
there's like a there's like 30,000 per
more likelihood that they actually end
up booking a meeting so it's very very
important that you get back to these
people immediately like absolutely
instantly and call them if you start
calling these leads you're going to
you're going to book like twice as many
more meetings now the problem is
somebody will be running this at 20
inboxes a month and not be calling the
people and not be responding fast and
then they scale to 200 and they think
that that's going to help them scale but
what they don't actually realize is
let's say they're getting like I don't
know 10 meetings a week they think
they're now going to get 100 but that's
actually not true because the
inefficiency compounds and it just takes
all of the results so you might be
getting 10 meetings per week at 20
inboxes and you scale to 200 inboxes so
I must get 200 I must get 100 meetings
now but it's actually wrong you only end
up getting like 15 why it's because you
have this leak in your gas tank and you
start you start you start like pressing
on the gas faster but then the leak goes
faster too so you just lose all of your
gas so like literally you're on the
highway and like you have to buy leads
for cold email campaigns and these
inboxes cost money so you have this leak
that you're not calling these
leads and you're going faster and F
pressing on the gas harder and harder
and harder and you have to keep buying
more gas but it just keeps leaking
faster and faster and faster it's
completely [__] useless to go faster
if there's a leak in your gas in your
gas tank you have to stop you have to
patch the leak and then you can keep
going again and patching the leak is the
equivalent of calling the [__] leads
like you need to call the leads and you
need to respond to them fast enough and
if you can't do that it's completely
useless for you to scale that and it is
also completely useless for you to start
posting content because now you have two
responsibilities but one of them isn't
even actually being taken care of it's
the same thing as going to the gym and
then increasing how
shitty you eat like you like you start
going to the gym so you make your diet
worse you're like oh it'll even out but
it's actually not true you actually get
more unhealthy from eating more shittily
you see what it mean so you can't stack
responsibilities until you have fully
belt out to Absolute maximum efficiency
one system right so so point one is be
consistent your things and then two
don't stack responsibilities until one
of them is at full maximum efficiency
now what I want to talk about is the
fact that a lot of people when you're
when you're below like I don't know
you're below everything below $50,000
per month like it's very very very hard
like your first and your first one two
three clients are the hardest clients
you'll ever sign in your life so a lot
of people like it's very difficult for
them to be in this this period of their
life cuz it's very strenuous and you're
doing a lot of things that involve
uncertainty so like you're getting on
sales calls for the first time and
you're uncertain about how to conduct a
sales call you're sending cold emails
for the first time and you're uncertain
about how to do the technology and
you're uncertain about how to reply to
people and you're uncertain how to cold
call them when they respond to the thing
and you're uncertain about how to
actually deliver the results for the
client so this is all conglomeration of
uncertainty you don't you're not sure
how to conduct the
thing
so what you need to understand is that
you need to keep things as simple as
possible to limit the amount of
uncertainty so you need to just have a
landing page with a vssl and have a very
straightforward offer with a
straightforward value prop you can watch
my other videos you want to learn more
about offers and you said and you do one
marketing channel it might be Cod email
or Cod DMS and you just do that now the
problem with a lot of people is you're
so so [__] impatient you're so
[__] impatient you think that if you
are sending [__] to 20 domains to get
your first client and you go to [__]
500 domains or whatever you think you're
going to get the first client so much
faster but that's not true at all it's
like it it it's like this Universal
Force you just need to do it you just
need to be consistent you can't force
Ram all your volume into like a 3-day
period it's like you just need to do
something consistently throughout a long
period of time the strength of doing a
low volume of an action very
consistently is higher than if you were
to Sprint volume at a short burst you
need to do something for an extended
period of time like it's completely okay
to just send a couple cold emails or
like I don't know 50 a day or 100 a day
and just do that for a couple weeks
that's fine just do that and have
patience right so I think something that
needs to be addressed here is that a lot
of people they look at this idea of
sending cold like I oh I got to send 50
even if you're doing it manually I have
to send 50 manual DMS a day or cold
emails oh my God this is so hard no the
[__] it isn't you absolute [__]
crybaby grow up holy [__] like this this
is what I did in my first agency I just
did 50 Outreach messages manually every
single day and there was never a day off
ever what does it take like two hours
like grow the [__] up like a lot of this
[__] like a lot of the young guys in
particular you've never worked a 9 to-5
job ever like ever in your life you've
never had a very high level of
responsibility that you are required to
execute right and and this is what being
an adult is you you have a
responsibility and you need to do the
responsibility like if you want adult
things like a lot of money maybe a nice
car or whatever the [__] like a a nice
apartment like if you want adult things
you need to do adult activities and an
adult activity is saying you're going to
do something and [__] sticking with
it not being a big fat [__] [__]
about it like that that's just how it
works like the idea that sending 50
Outreach messages per day is this wildly
strenuous task is is so [__]
hilarious like no it isn't bro
like grow up like if we're keeping it
real the McDonald's manager down the
street from you right now working 45 50
hours a week is working way [__]
harder than you like I used to work at a
bakery and I have to like clean the
dishes and clean the floors and [__] I
worked harder in that Bakery than I work
doing [__] $500,000 per month in
Revenue with an online business like
actually like I I work in the in in this
in the ABS in the sense of absolute like
like man like work I do less now than I
did at that [__] Bakery like I'd
clock in for a shift eight hour shift
and I didn't stop like I you'd have your
30 minute lunch that like but so 4 hours
30 minutes 4 hours and in that I didn't
[__] stop now I want you to imagine that
you were doing manual cold Outreach for
4 hours 30 minute break 4 hours like
that like that that's what your that's
that's what your obligation your job is
because if you went and got a [__]
job at some and you were like an AE or
an SDR at some sales Enterprise company
or like in like a call center or some
[__] some like entry level type
position that's what you'd be [__]
doing bro you'd be 4 hours die like and
you're tracked like your boss is walking
around the floor [__] watching you
like call call call you better be on
these calls all straight four hours so
so you'll go do that for another company
that you don't [__]
own for $12 an hour plus shitty small
commissions you'll do that but you won't
do it for yourself it's it's [__]
hilar is the the idea that you can't
just grow the [__] up and just Be Your
Own Boss is really just hilarious like
you need to get over not having a mommy
and daddy to sit here and make you get
up to go to school in the
morning like when when I was a kid I
remember one time I asked my mom I was
like hey can I can I don't feel like
going to school today like can I just
stay home and she was like no what the
[__] no you're going to school get up
what do you mean stay home like I'm
going to work going to just not go to
work like no don't ever ask me that
again and I was like oh okay that that's
how we that's how we do things so so
right now I I'm going to be your [__]
dad and I'm going to tell you grow the
[__] up what do you mean you can't do
the Outreach messages like it's so it's
so ridiculous like it's just stupid
right um now the last thing I'd like to
touch on is the fact that people over
complicate the [__] out of everything
and the best example I'm going to I'm
going to give you of this is um um this
is this was on a client essention
coaching call yesterday and a guy was in
here um and he's talking about how he's
using he's
using Ai and custom software development
and it's for it's for this firm and and
this and and it's to help people collect
their accounts receivable and it's it
and I'm and I'm sitting here and I'm
like dude and we use this super special
technology that and it's unlike anything
that industry has ever seen before and
this and I and I'm like bro nobody gives
a [__] about any of this nobody [__]
cares about any of this AI custom
development software [__] nobody gives a
[__] the only thing people care about is
the value proposition company has an
account receivable so client owes them
money you will collect the money for
them and then you get paid based off the
amount you collect is that the offer he
like yes I'm like okay that's all you
need this whole like six-page document
that you've prepared with all this
stupid Rando ass jargon it doesn't make
it this is completely useless like why
did you make this just
say we collect accounts receivable and
work on a performance basis we only get
paid when we collect the money that
you're owed like if you just said that
absolutely everything on this six-page
document is complete [__] nonsense it
it doesn't matter like ju like just keep
[__] simple now another example of this
is is is
is let's say like I tell people
sometimes like hey bro you need to test
new cold email scripts like you need you
need to do that like you can't just like
you can't just one use one script
forever and then now what they'll ask me
is like well how do I test scripts and
I'm like what do you mean how do you T
you say something different and then
they're like well what do I say I'm like
well what the how the [__] what do you
mean you don't know what to say so it's
let me put it to you very simply you
need to think about this as simply as
possible you need to be you need to go
back and watch my video about how to be
so [__] stupid you're actually a
genius right so this is what you need to
do you need to be so you need to be so
profoundly [__] that you're actually
a genius all right so so if you have a c
email script and you have an angle where
it's talking about hey would you be
interested in us helping you with this
you just [__] change it to say would
you be interested in us helping you with
something else or you're saying like I
can help you get this result say a
different [__] result like that
that's it or you can change the CTA like
would you like a a video explaining this
or would you like to have a case study
or would you like to have me implement
this for you on a free trial basis like
just [__] change something like CH
like that's it it's really there's no
there's no exact testing framework that
you need you just what happens is you
say something you get a response from
the market and then you just come up
with something right [__] there based
on the responses that you're getting if
people are saying they're not interested
in this just respond back to them and
say like what isn't interesting about
this to you like I I'm I'm trying to
grow this company and I want to find
product Market fit so like if like could
you let me know like what you guys would
be interested in you're going to get a
response to that like just [__] say
that another good example of this is
someone was asking me they're like hey
what would be a good downsell offer for
this Market I'm like well what what have
have you asked them and they're like no
I'm like
why he's he's telling me he's having
like on a sales call like some people
can't afford his thing people are
interested in this but they just don't
have enough money to afford this um so
they've been telling me that if they had
something else that was cheaper then
they they'd be interested in buying it
and I and I asked him I was
like well have you offered them anything
at all and he's like no I just no I I
don't know what to offer them I'm like
well did you did did [__] ask them
what they want like this idea that you
need permission from somebody for
absolutely [__] everything in your
life is so ridiculous like you don't
like ju just [__] ask them like if
you're going to go write a cold email
script you don't need to [__] say
send me an email like hey can can I do
this just [__] do it and see what
happens yourself bro like holy [__] like
again so the premise of this video is to
be a [__] grownup like that that's
really it like if you just do
that your whole life is going to be
profoundly simple also if you're an
agency owner and you would be interested
in me applying all these principles
personally to you and effectively just
telling you what to do and joining a
couple hundred other people who are
getting who are hitting like anywhere
from 10K to $100,000 per month of profit
you should go to client attention. comom
the link is in the description so that's
if you're an agency owner or you're a
B2B business you want to learn how to
get clients and how to do it in a
predictable manner without doing a bunch
of [__] that doesn't work anymore from
like 20 the 2022 tactics that everyone's
teaching you that don't actually work
right your cold emails aren't working
anymore your cold DMS aren't working
anymore the content you're posting isn't
actually getting any clients nobody
wants your offer it's just not a good
offer you want help fixing all of this
you should join client attention because
I will tell you exactly how to solve the
issue and you can go watch this video
all right I love you goodbye